Add links to community guides for aws manages certificates and godaddy (#316)
okteto/docs: src/content/self-hosted/administration/certificates.mdx

      default-ssl-certificate: $(POD_NAMESPACE)/your-ssl-certificate-secret
```

> We have community guides for the following certificate providers:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can use any certificate provider you are familiar with if it's compatible with the x.509 and PKCS1 standards. Our community maintains guides for the following certificate providers:
```

> - [Amazon Managed Certificates](https://community.okteto.com/t/how-do-i-configure-okteto-with-aws-certificate-manager/272)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [AWS Certificate Manager](https://community.okteto.com/t/how-do-i-configure-okteto-with-aws-certificate-manager/272)
```

- [GoDaddy](https://community.okteto.com/t/how-do-i-bring-my-godaddy-certificate-to-okteto/578/1)

If you are using [cert-manager](https://cert-manager.io/), you need to use a [DNS01](https://cert-manager.io/docs/configuration/acme/dns01/#delegated-domains-for-dns01) auth method in your [Issuer](https://cert-manager.io/docs/concepts/issuer/).
Check the list of supported providers [here](https://cert-manager.io/docs/configuration/acme/dns01/) for more information.

> There are community guides for using cert-manager to generate your Okteto certificcate in the following Cloud Providers:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Our community maintains guides on how to use cert-manager together with different Cloud Providers to generate certificates for Okteto:
```
